# Warp entity database

The `entities.txt` file in this directory contains a list of named entities and what Unicode codepoint sequences they decode to.  Each line has the following format:

1. Entity name
2. Equals sign `=`
3. Base-16 Unicode codepoints, separated by commas `,`

The entity name is always a sequence of one of more alphanumeric US-ASCII characters.  The name does _not_ include the opening ampersand or the closing semicolon.  Each name is unique.

The codepoint sequence always contains one or more codepoints.  All codepoints have values greater than zero, not exceeding 0x10ffff, and not within Unicode surrogate range.

__Caution:__ It is not safe within an XML or HTML file to just decode all entities to their component codepoints.  The codepoint sequences may contain characters such as angle brackets that would be misinterpreted if they were decoded.  Therefore, although most of the entities can safely be replaced by their decoded sequences, not all entities are safe for replacement.

__Caution:__ Some entities decode to sequences of multiple codepoints where one of the codepoints is potentially unsafe.  For example, there are sequences where the first codepoint is an angle bracket and the second codepoint is a combining character that modifies that angle bracket.

No whitespace is allowed at the start of the line, or between the fields and the `=` and `,` characters.

The `entities.txt` file is generated by running a JSON source file through the `MapEntities.pl` script.  See that script for further information.  The JSON source file is not available in this project, but it can be obtained from the HTML 5 specification.
